content/pages/sprint/2021/11late-taipei.rst, before:

======================================
Scisprint 2021 Late November in Taipei
======================================

:date: 2021-11-03 20:43
:url: sprint/2021/11late-taipei
:save_as: sprint/2021/11late-taipei.html

Scisprint 2021 Late November in Taipei
======================================

We cordially invite you to join the short sprint for `solvcon
<https://solvcon.net/>`_ projects.  solvcon_ is a host of projects focusing on
numerically solving the governing equations of transient phenomena.

solvcon projects
----------------

This event will focus on two projects in solvcon:

* The development environment `devenv <https://github.com/solvcon/devenv>`__.
  It supports the development of other solvcon projects by providing an
  infrastructure of building the third-party dependencies from source.

  Numerical calculations require writing high-performance code.  The complex
  implementations call for tremendous amount of code to be written and it is
  not possible to do it all by a single team.  External dependencies are
  necessary.  However, because of the requirements of accuracy and performance,
  the dependencies are usually at the source level.  Building dependencies from
  source is the norm.  The project devenv is made to help the source-level
  dependency management and alignment for the runtime among developers.

* Mesh module `modmesh <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh>`__.  It is a C++-11
  library wrapped using `pybind11
  <https://pybind11.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`__ for the spatial mesh for `the
  space-time conservation element and solution element (CESE) method
  <https://yyc.solvcon.net/en/latest/cese/index.html>`__.

swportal
--------

In addition to solvcon projects, we will also spend time to improve the
`sciwork website <https://sciwork.dev>`__: https://github.com/sciwork/swportal.

Registration
------------

Add your name in the `sprint notes <https://hackmd.io/@sciwork/r1Q6c9lvK>`_ and
Go to our discord channel https://discord.gg/P9U7PFv to say hi to us.

The event is free, but you need to make at least an order (for coffee or
something) at Old Major Coffee (where we meet this time).  Make two orders, if
you can.

Please sign up using a name that we can identify you, and introduce yourself
when you show up.

Date & time
-----------

20th November, Saturday, 2021, 14:00 -- 16:00

Agenda
------

There is not really an agenda.  We will just be there and code.  You will like
it.

Requirements
------------

You will need a laptop or VM running either MacOS or Linux.  At the moment the
project does not yet support Windows.

Venue
-----

Old Major Coffee (深夜咖啡)

Address: `10491台北市中山區新生北路三段45號 <https://goo.gl/maps/6oRQzdv6qyGYMd658>`__

.. (`google map <https://goo.gl/maps/6oRQzdv6qyGYMd658>`__)

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
  <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3614.073510494754!2d121.52589461500686!3d25.065497483957607!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3442a95a8b603a35%3A0x590db4ab4ba42ea7!2zT2xkIE1ham9yIENvZmZlZSAo5rex5aSc5ZKW5ZWhKQ!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1635945495505!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw"
  style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;"
  allowfullscreen=""
  aria-hidden="false"
  tabindex="0"
  loading="lazy">
  </iframe>
  </div>


Contact us
----------

* Discord: https://discord.gg/P9U7PFv
* Sprint notes: https://hackmd.io/@sciwork/r1Q6c9lvK

Commit message:

wording for introduction
for encouraging those who have no back ground for Science computing.

content/pages/sprint/2021/11late-taipei.rst, after:

======================================
Scisprint 2021 Late November in Taipei
======================================

:date: 2021-11-03 20:43
:url: sprint/2021/11late-taipei
:save_as: sprint/2021/11late-taipei.html

Scisprint 2021 Late November in Taipei
======================================

We cordially invite you to join the short sprint for `solvcon
<https://solvcon.net/>`_ projects.  solvcon_ is a host of projects focusing on
numerically solving the governing equations of transient phenomena.The 2 projects we shared are parts of solvcon and we would assume you have no domain knowledge of equation solving. Anyone who have some fundamental unix and program skill are welcome.


solvcon projects
----------------

This event will focus on two projects in solvcon:

* The development environment `devenv <https://github.com/solvcon/devenv>`__.
  It supports the development of other solvcon projects by providing an
  infrastructure of building the third-party dependencies from source.

  Numerical calculations require writing high-performance code.  The complex
  implementations call for tremendous amount of code to be written and it is
  not possible to do it all by a single team.  External dependencies are
  necessary.  However, because of the requirements of accuracy and performance,
  the dependencies are usually at the source level.  Building dependencies from
  source is the norm.  The project devenv is made to help the source-level
  dependency management and alignment for the runtime among developers.

* Mesh module `modmesh <https://github.com/solvcon/modmesh>`__.  It is a C++-11
  library wrapped using `pybind11
  <https://pybind11.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`__ for the spatial mesh for `the
  space-time conservation element and solution element (CESE) method
  <https://yyc.solvcon.net/en/latest/cese/index.html>`__.

swportal
--------

In addition to solvcon projects, we will also spend time to improve the
`sciwork website <https://sciwork.dev>`__: https://github.com/sciwork/swportal.

Registration
------------

Add your name in the `sprint notes <https://hackmd.io/@sciwork/r1Q6c9lvK>`_ and
Go to our discord channel https://discord.gg/P9U7PFv to say hi to us.

The event is free, but you need to make at least an order (for coffee or
something) at Old Major Coffee (where we meet this time).  Make two orders, if
you can.

Please sign up using a name that we can identify you, and introduce yourself
when you show up.

Date & time
-----------

20th November, Saturday, 2021, 14:00 -- 16:00

Agenda
------

There is not really an agenda.  We will just be there and code.  You will like
it.

Requirements
------------

You will need a laptop or VM running either MacOS or Linux.  At the moment the
project does not yet support Windows.

Venue
-----

Old Major Coffee (深夜咖啡)

Address: `10491台北市中山區新生北路三段45號 <https://goo.gl/maps/6oRQzdv6qyGYMd658>`__

.. (`google map <https://goo.gl/maps/6oRQzdv6qyGYMd658>`__)

.. raw:: html

  <div style="overflow:hidden; padding-bottom:56.25%; position:relative; height:0;">
  <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3614.073510494754!2d121.52589461500686!3d25.065497483957607!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x3442a95a8b603a35%3A0x590db4ab4ba42ea7!2zT2xkIE1ham9yIENvZmZlZSAo5rex5aSc5ZKW5ZWhKQ!5e0!3m2!1szh-TW!2stw!4v1635945495505!5m2!1szh-TW!2stw"
  style="left:0; top:0; height:100%; width:100%; position:absolute; border:0;"
  allowfullscreen=""
  aria-hidden="false"
  tabindex="0"
  loading="lazy">
  </iframe>
  </div>


Contact us
----------

* Discord: https://discord.gg/P9U7PFv
* Sprint notes: https://hackmd.io/@sciwork/r1Q6c9lvK
